Chapter 1
=========

Aliénor woke up suddenly, the spectre of an eerie nightmare rapidly
thomping against her chest. She tried to calm herself, taking labored
deep breaths. Once she stopped trembling and composed herself, she
stood up from her bed, letting the first lights of morning hit her
long golden hair. Her last three nights had been restless, her dreams with
horrours unknown. She stared at the morning sun for a while, lost in thought,
then quickly made for the dressing table in the corner of the room to prepare
for the day.

The princess would surely wake up late, as usual, but the moment
she would open her eyes, Aliénor would have to be at her side. Being
lady-in-waiting certainly had its perks, but it did not leave Aliénor
too much free time. She decided to go to the royal baths to wash up
a little; it might help brush off the stain of the nightmare.

*** 

Aliénor resolutely walked past the wonders on her path. She had been
walking for what seemed for hours, but could barely make out the
thin silouhette of the Tower on the horizon. "If only I had taken a horse," she
thought. She would have, but the lady-in-waiting did not have access to
the royal stables without the princess. The Tower, her
destination, laid at the end of a long, winding stone path that went
through the entire valley. Flower fields bordered the path, while agricultural
fields could be seen in the distance, the cereals and grain standing against
the moutain range. A chilly gust of wind reminded Aliénor that summer was
fading away and reminded her of the goal of her visit to the Tower.

She had recently come across some disturbing information. While looking
for a book for the princess, who had taken a strong liking to the dull
and foolish romantic books of the humans, she suddenly found herself sat
a nearby table, contemplating a book she did not remember picking up.
The spine of the book was old and crumpled, and there was no sign of a
title. Spooked, Aliénor was tempted to put the book back on the shelves,
but her curiosity forced her to open the book. There appeared to be some
pages missing, as the text began mid-sentence. It was written in Ancient
Elvish, the old tongue of the elves of Dalieth. She could read it, although
the style was impossibly dense. Forgetting her duty to the princess, she
started reading. The first few pages made allusions to a Water Priestess
who could cure the sick and to a White Knight, whose faith had only his
strength as equal. Disappointed, Aliénor skipped a few pages to make sure
this was not a simple fairy tale written for children.

It was then that she saw the mentions of him. The book prophecized the arrival
of an Elvish wizard in the Tower of Mages, and alluded to a period of War and
Depression upon his arrival.

***

She tried to forget the mouting feeling of dread she
had at the thought of visiting the wizard in the Tower,
but the pinch in her stomach would not let her. Who was she,
a commoner turned lady-in-waiting by sheer luck, to deliver
such vital information to the wizard himself. She had tried
convincing the princess of the urgency of the situation, but she
had shrugged it off as an innocent story. Even her father thought the book
it was a figment of her imagination, only exacerbated by the recent rumours
of an increase in the number of monsters in the Outer Cities. When Aliénor
went back to the library to show them the book, it was nowhere to be found.
Further convinced that this was of vital importance, she had decided to visit
the wizard herself.

***

She suddenly found herself before the tall gates of the obsidian tower.
She was stunned by their sheer height; they were at least five times as tall
as she was. At her great surprise, the gates yielded to her gentle push 